Hey, good morning family.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, a lot of people don't agree with the baptism of the Holy Spirit—I see it in the emails and everything—but listen, this is my channel and I'm led by the Holy Spirit in what He's told me to do.
I'm going to pray in the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
I'm going to pray in tongues without an interpreter.
I believe if you are in your private setting at home, or if I'm making a video for the internet, I can pray in tongues.
Now, if I'm in a church service and I just burst out in tongues and start praying, there needs to be an interpreter or you need to be quiet.
Just like people are telling me, 'You need to be quiet.
' No, I'm not in a church service; I'm not disrupting anything.
If I were to pray out loud in a church service while the pastor is talking, there would need to be an interpretation of those tongues or it would be disruptive and confusing.
There should be a balance to everything.
But when I'm praying in the Spirit in my house to the Father with an unknown tongue, praying forth mysteries out of my spirit, I'm praying to Him and the Holy Spirit prays through me a perfect prayer—a perfect prayer that always hits the target.
I'm going to move on from that; I'm not going to keep going down that road.
If you don't agree, click out of the video.
That's the bottom line.
This is something else: When you're driving down the road and someone's face comes before you—maybe it's your in-laws, your family, your husband, or your wife—and it just comes out of nowhere, pray in the Spirit concerning what you're seeing.
I believe a lot of times the Holy Spirit will come to us and warn us with pictures like that, saying, 'Hey, you need to pray for your daughter,' or your son.
It's a warning.
You may not have thought of that person for years, and they just come up in you, and you're like, 'I remember Sister So-and-so.
' Those could be prayer cues for you to intercede on behalf of that individual you're thinking about.
Even if you haven't thought about them in decades, if all of a sudden they come up before you, start praying in the Spirit for that.
A lot of times, the Holy Spirit will give us cues like that—it could be for the president or many other things.
Or if you're driving and you feel a caution, like something is not right—you can't put your finger on it, but you feel an urgency to pray for so-and-so.
Intercede in the Spirit for that individual.
Many times, the Holy Spirit will take that and you'll go 'into the river.
' You can tell when it's dry prayer versus Holy Ghost prayer.
When Holy Ghost prayer gets in there, you can just keep praying.
Sometimes it's dry, but then all of a sudden you'll hit a 'gusher,' as I call it—a Holy Ghost river—and you can feel it bubbling out of you.
The more you pray in tongues, the more you develop your spirit.
The more you do this over and over again—like going to the gym—you jump in these rivers.
I have learned that what used to take a long time to get into those flows...
it felt like pushing a weight down the road or like tilling sawdust.
You're tilling and tilling, and then all of a sudden you go 'boom' and you flow.
The more you pray in the Spirit, the more you develop it and the easier it gets to get into those rivers.
That's what we're all looking for.
Dry prayer time is a drag.
Seriously, when you're praying in the Spirit and it's dry, it’s tough, but eventually, the more you develop your tongues and your spirit, the faster you'll jump in those rivers.
Sometimes it takes two or four minutes, and you can tell there is a definite shift when you hit those rivers.
You know you're praying and getting downloads from the Spirit of the Lord.
That's what He was talking about yesterday: it's a dance.
Don't rush it.
We often try to rush because we don't want to take the time—and I know He's rebuking me, too.
We don't want to take the time on a certain area, but it's a dance.
You let Him lead and you follow, dancing with the tongues and the prayer.
You let the Holy Spirit lead you, and He will guide you into all things.
That's what happens when you start praying in the Spirit: you let the Holy Spirit lead you.
Sometimes it feels like there's no direction, but I know this: the more you pray and yield, worshiping Him and thanking Him, all of a sudden He'll start giving cues.
'I want you to go this direction.
' I hope that helped you a little bit because it helps me.
When you're learning this stuff and nobody's teaching it at the churches—unless you find an old CD or tape series—you can go back and listen to some of the old Hagin prayer videos about praying in the Spirit, learn how to flow with the Holy Ghost with Rick and Denise Renner, and some of the greats like Jeanie Wilkerson.
Learn how to flow in the Spirit when you pray.
I believe what I gave you will help a little bit.
I don't necessarily feel I teach all that great, but I have had the opportunity to sit in the shadows of some really amazing prayer warriors over the years.
God's put me there with mentors who have really changed my life.
Through the impartations of sitting and listening to them pray, I've learned a lot that I don't even realize I know.
Many people on YouTube do not know these things.
I feel like everyone knows them, but many people don't do them.
So, I tell you what I know as the Lord brings it to me.
Thank you for being here, and we'll pray it out together today.
Father, we just yield to You.
You lead, Father, and we will follow.
We're not in a hurry.
We sit at Your feet and we thank You, Holy Spirit, that You pray through us.
It's not flesh prayer; it's Holy Ghost prayer.
Father, pray through us as we lift up our voice and yield our spirit to You.
We thank You, Lord, that You would pray whatever You have need of—whatever is going on in this earth—and that we could help by praying and loosing and binding.
Father, we yield ourselves to You right now in the name of Jesus.
Now, Father, I truly do not have a direction other than that we could pray about a lot of things, but I don't want to just pray what's on my thoughts; I want to pray what's on Your heart.
What is the heartbeat of the Father today for us?
So, we'll start out, I'll pray in the Spirit, and we'll just take our time here and figure it out.
It's like one of those old hunting dogs.
He'll get the scent of the prey of what we're supposed to.
You know what I'm saying?
And we'll find it by just sniff around.
That's a good way to say it, huh?
Well, if we just sniff around a little bit, we'll find it.
Just like a little dog or a or a bird dog, you know?
We'll find it.
So, Father, we just thank you.
Holy Spirit, we thank you.
Holy Spirit we yield.
I think it should always be a staple.
I just always hear him say, "Take communion when we go in before the Lord.
We take communion before we go before him and and and and go in by the blood of the lamb, by the word.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body.
We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes were healed.
And we have divine health.
We have divine health.
And what you bore in your body, we'll not bear in our own.
We thank you, Lord, that you took it all for us.
And our me our mental, our emotions, people are dealing with all kinds of PTSD, all of it.
It doesn't matter.
You You have night terrors, all of it.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory.
And I thank you, Lord, that as we take this body, we take it in the name of Jesus, and we say, Jesus, thank you for taking all that on your body for us.
And we don't have to take it on our body.
You're good to us, Lord, and we're thankful for all that you've done in Jesus' name.
Now, Lord, we lift up the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus.
For we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And you said, "If we confess our sins, you're faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
" And we take this blood right now in the name of Jesus and we apply it to our life.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
You're so good to us, Father.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've done.
Thank you, Father.
You've been good to us, Father.
We enter into your throne room boldly.
We're not abandoned, we are adopted.
We're joint-heirs with you because of what you did for us.
And we come and we sit at your throne.
We come and we sit at your feet and you say, "Hey, welcome back, Brandon.
Welcome back.
" Like I've heard you say so many times.
You sit at my throne today.
Lord, we sit at your throne, but we want to help.
Our hearts are to help you.
Our hearts are to to be yielded.
Our hearts are to come up higher with the fire with you.
To be more like you, Lord, to know you more.
Father, less of us and more of you.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
That's interesting.
Now, instantaneously when I started praying, I started to go to Mexico.
I went to Mexico and I see Mexico.
I see the woman, the president, Claudia Scheinbaum, I see her face.
I see her face before me right now.
And I see the border.
I see children.
I see lots of Hispanic children.
About the age of five.
And they'll go all the way up to about 10.
I know.
I see.
I see young I see older than that about 16.
I see a variety of children and they're females and some are little boys but most are females.
The older 16 year olds are like the older.
They're females.
Thank you Lord for President Trump because of the border security.
I see Gavin Newsomes's face down by California's border.
I see Hollywood.
Oh no.
And it goes clear up into Oregon.
It goes clear up into Seattle.
It's a highway.
What in the world?
I see Japan down at the tip there.
There's business people.
The focus is Los Angeles through San Diego that I just saw something really dark.
I'm not going to say that out loud.
Jesus, protect these children.
Expose this darkness father.
Oh God, I thank you, Father, for good law enforcement.
I thank you, Father, for good FBI.
I thank you, Father, for good homeland security and border enforcement.
Father, that there would be an exposing of this darkness.
Angels of the Lord, I ask you to camp around and about these little girls.
I ask you to camp around and about them, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Oh, Father.
Oh my gosh.
For the cup is full.
Now I tell you, I see Miami.
I see it go clear up into Washington.
It goes into Europe.
Oh, in Italy.
Rome.
It's about the virgins.
It's sick.
It's satanic.
There's more people like Epstein.
There's more than him.
There's more islands.
There's darkness.
It was just a scratching of the surface.
It goes in Asia.
Dark in Asia.
It's like tunnels.
There's tunnels.
I hear the father's heart concerning this.
Oh, you shouldn't touch the children.
For the cup of sin is full.
Oh, great judgment because you touch the children.
Thank you, Father.
All hidden things be revealed.
The cup of sin is full.
Judgment's coming.
Oh, it's coming.
I saw some very dark things today.
I saw some things that make you throw up.
The young girls, the virgins were priced for money.
The Lord showed me dark businessmen.
But the cup of sin is full, and I weep for they just want a better life in America.
The parents didn't have much to offer to them.
So the drug lords offered them money.
I saw politicians involved.
It's very dark.
It's like when I see Gavin, it's like he's turned his eyes to it, like you turn your head from it, like you don't acknowledge it.
It's the only way I can say it, like when you see somebody turn their head like a blind eye to things.
You know what's going on in refuge cities.
You know things are dark but you turned an eye to it.
Darker things I cannot say over this channel.
But I'm telling you, the cup of sin is full.
I saw earthquakes.
I saw the anger of the Lord concerning this.
And there will be vengeance concerning this.
And because of what they've sown, they will reap concerning this.
And most people said : Oh !
God's grace is on it brother.
But I saw a level of anger from the Lord right then touching these children that even the rocks won't hide them.
Even the rocks will not hide these men.
Even if they dug a hole and buried themselves, it will not hide them.
They're in big trouble, and suddenly you will see these things take place.
It goes clear into Europe, Toronto — dark, dark, dark.
Oh Father, that was dark, but I tell you this: there's light coming.
I believe that what the devil meant for bad, God, you're going to turn for good in our favor, for we pray on the victory side of things.
Father, I thank you for revival.
I see a rat again.
I just saw a rat.
When I closed my eyes again, I saw a rat, but this time, the rat had a black face, a white body, and a black tail—a black back end, white in the middle.
And he was looking, and it had a light shining on it like a spotlight.
I saw a spotlight on this rat, and it was shining as it was trying to crawl through the night, exposing where it was at.
I believe an exposing of darkness is happening as we pray—an exposing of the rats within.
There will be embarrassing moments for politicians, but not only that: justice, justice, justice in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father, that all hidden things be revealed concerning these things.
Lord, we praise you.
We worship you that you'll send in the cavalry, Lord.
You'll send in the cavalry.
You're sending in the cavalry to help these young people.
You'll send in the cavalry, Father.
You're going to send them in—the good guys, the good women.
Father, you're sending them in—the helpers from Homeland Security.
There's a new batch of people coming up to expose the darkness.
They're going to expose sex trafficking and the harvesting of organs.
You're going to expose them from the abortions.
I see darkness from aborted babies' organ harvesting.
You're going to expose the darkness from the drugs—from fentanyl, all of it.
Exposing the fentanyl, exposing the darkness of fentanyl coming from Asia, coming in from Japan.
Exposing drug traffickers.
It's costing a lot of people their lives.
But Father, we thank you that just like that light is shining on that rat, the rat will be uncovered, exposed, and brought to justice trying to hide in the night.
The light will shine bright and expose the darkness in the name of Jesus.
We believe and receive your hand of justice on these circumstances.
We call forth judgment.
We call forth your hand to shake these cities.
Shake them, Father.
Shake these people in Jesus' name, uncovering the darkness.
It's like Judas with the silver.
Paid off.
Judas with the silver, going clear down into Mexico.
Power in positions paid off.
I see puppets—marionettes like Pinocchio.
These politicians are puppets, and the puppet master is the devil pulling the strings with finances—silver.
The Lord said it's like Judas that day.
Father, I thank you, Lord, you're bringing it to justice.
We live on the victory side.
You don't show us all that to let it keep going, but Father, we thank you that we have power and authority.
We shed light on it.
We speak for the light to shine on the rat and expose the darkness within.
A great shaking to awaken, Father, causing these evil men and women to be exposed in the name of Jesus, that the cavalry is coming.
We thank you, Lord.
It's being exposed right now.
It's like praying in the spirit.
It's like a clock that goes around, and whenever the hand hits on you again, you push in, he'll give you a break, and then you hit it again.
You can feel it—a ticking of a clock as you flow.
Thank you, son.
My green screen's falling.
It's like a clock; you can feel it when it hits you.
That's the way it is in the night.
I'll feel the people praying, certain ones.
I've gotten used to certain people who pray with me in the spirit, and the Lord will link us up together.
We'll never even probably meet each other until the other side, but I know they're elderly.
The Lord shows me these dear sisters; they're elderly.
They come alongside you at four in the morning and pray.
It's like a symphony in the spirit.
I can hear them, and we pray together.
It's like a telephone network—reach out and touch someone—but it's a highway full of prayers in the heavenlies.
We're a family.
The spirit realm is more real than the natural.
Most people don't realize how real it is unless they tap into it.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
The moment we take our last breath, we're with Him or in hell.
You're either translated into heaven or there is a pulling to hell.
Most people never know it until their last breath, and then it's too late.
If you've never made Jesus Christ the Lord of your life, you're in trouble.
We pray here today because we know He's alive and living inside us.
The Holy Spirit dwells inside us.
We pray every day for my children—not because we have to, but because we get to.
Like Pastor Chip says, we don't have to go to church; we get to go to church because it's relationship.
I get to tithe to my church, giving money from my check for whatever I make.
I don't have to do anything; I get to.
Why would you not want to help further the kingdom of God?
Why would you not want to be a part?
Add your supply.
Spiritually, we add our supply.
Certain people are carriers of certain things, and when you come, you add the supply of what you carry.
Most people don't realize how important you are to the body of Christ in your gifting, whatever you carry, and then you bring it to church.
You bring it to the body, and you bring that supply to them.
Now, if you don't go to a church that flows in the Holy Ghost like Chip and Candace and Gloria's Church, I understand why you would be discouraged because there's a lot of seeker-friendly churches that do not allow the Holy Spirit to move.
They control because they say they don't want chaos, right?
But when you take the restraints off the Holy Spirit—because if you try to restrain Him, you flow and it's beautiful.
It's a symphony.
Most churches are missing out so much on what they could have: so much peace, so much joy, so much of Him.
Deliverance is in that.
Being set free is in that.
He whom the Son sets free is free indeed.
It's the power.
It's the anointing.
It's the burden-removing, yoke-destroying power.
It's the anointing of the Holy Spirit that sets the captives free.
But if you're not allowing the anointing to flow, if you're not allowing the Spirit of the Lord to flow in your services, how could one be free?
Because you're only going to get free by the anointing.
It's the anointing that breaks the yoke.
But yet so many of you won't even let the anointing of the presence of the Holy Spirit move in your congregation or your church.
And you think you have to control it because you don't want to get it out of control because somebody might get in the flesh.
I would much rather get in the flesh in church than out in public.
Wouldn't you?
I think being in the flesh, drinking beer and cussing and acting stupid at a football game, is pretty in the flesh, right?
So let's get in the flesh trying to do something in the spirit more than just trying to get in the flesh in public.
I mean, people have such a twisted way of thinking to see how the devil comes and puts the blinders on your eyes.
Let's not let any of the Holy Spirit move because we don't want it to get out of control or we might offend the people who give a lot.
I've heard that: 'We don't want to freak out the people who give a lot.
' If you're looking at people to be your source, pastors, if you're looking at people to be your source, you're in trouble because you'll always be moved and pushed around by what they can give you.
Does that make sense, what I'm saying?
And the devil will always stir up the need just to keep you worried.
How are you going to get the money?
How's it all going to come?
Oh no, God is your supplier.
God is your supplier.
If it isn't coming from God, you don't need it, right?
That's how I look at it.
You have too much of a mortgage; that's your fault.
You shouldn't have borrowed the money.
You shouldn't have to go out and do all that and say, 'Well, I've got to have it because we want to keep up with the Joneses or whoever, the church across the way.
They have the better lights.
They have the better stage.
The people want to go over to them.
' Bottom line, folks: what the people are coming for is to get their needs met.
When you see all the prayer requests—and I can't even bring them on here anymore because there's so many, I have stacks of photos up to here, it's no joke—but I sit there and I could put them all up here and it would be blocking it off.
So I just pray over them whenever I'm off the camera now.
I just lay hands on them, put them in my living room because, like I told Diana, I said, 'What are we going to do with all these photos?
We can't take them all on our broadcast because I'd have stacks of them,' and there's so many people with so many needs.
But I'm going to tell you this: if you would just get one touch from Jesus, if you just have one second with Jesus, with a real true presence, it will set you free forever.
But you go from one watered-down message to another, and you sit there and you go home the same empty as you did when you left and when you came, and you go, 'Where is it?
Where is it at?
' I'm telling you, it's at His throne.
It's at His throne.
It's finding Him.
You say, 'Practice His presence.
What does that mean?
' 'Jesus, how are you today?
' He's here with me right now.
I practice, 'How are you doing?
' 'Oh Father, I just wanted to say, how was your day?
' Things like that.
How would you talk to your wife when you come home from work?
I practice Him all the time.
He's around me.
'Holy Spirit, what do you think about that?
Holy Spirit, do you like this black shirt on me?
Do I look nice in that?
Do you think I should wear something else?
What do you think about this?
Holy Spirit, what do you think about—hey, can you help me fix my lawn mower?
' Because today my lawn mower broke and I was outside in the garage for hours trying to fix that.
I was busy.
I was out there because I've got to mow the grass, but my mower broke and I was out there fussing with that mower.
I'm still trying to figure out that mower, but I was out there and I was trying to do it, but I talked to Him about it.
That's what I'm talking about.
I practiced His presence.
'Holy Spirit, would you help me fix this?
Will you help me figure out why this thing keeps turning off?
' I don't understand why the engine keeps turning off.
I don't understand it.
But I thank You that You know all things and You'll teach me all things, even a little lawnmower.
Lord, You'll help me figure it out.
'Is there something wrong with the gas?
' That's what I'm talking about.
Talk to Him about everything.
Practice that He is standing right there with you because He dwells on the inside of you and He'll tell you and teach you about all things.
Even things you don't even realize that He loves.
He just wants a friend.
He wants a friend, and He wants to be your friend, and you say, 'Lord, I need help with this stuff,' and He's there.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
The Bible says, even whenever it comes down to stuff, you go, 'Wow.
' He knows everything.
And there's nothing too big to talk to Him about and nothing too small.
You can bring up anything you want to talk to the Holy Spirit about.
He will talk to you about it.
Even if you're struggling with anger, struggling with—some of you are struggling with a lot of addictions.
I mean, I've just seen it.
Pornography is a big one.
It seems to be everybody's dealing with looking at bad stuff on the internet.
Do you know He'll set you free from all of it?
He'll set you free from all of it.
You don't have to live in bondage from pornography.
You don't have to be thinking lustful thoughts about the sisters at church or having issues with wanting to cheat on your wife or you've cheated on your wife and you don't want to tell her, or you cheat on your husband and you don't want to tell him.
And you would be amazed how many females deal with looking at bad stuff on the internet too.
It's not just men.
But He doesn't want you bound by lust anymore.
He doesn't want you bound by alcohol.
He doesn't want you bound by cigarettes.
He doesn't want you bound by all the darkness the devil tries to throw at you.
But this is where it is: getting underneath the Holy Ghost flow and finding Him, having an intimacy with Him, getting in the Word, and the anointing breaks the yoke of bondage.
He came to set the captives free.
Do you understand?
And I know a lot of you do.
But when I see what I just saw about these young girls, I just said, 'My goodness, He takes me down these roads with y'all.
' So, I've talked too much, but I just want to tell you we love you.
We pray this video blessed you today.
We pray that every time you watch us, you get something good out of it, that you get impartation from the Holy Spirit.
It's not me, it's not my TV show, it's not a YouTube video for Brandon.
No, he said, 'Brandon, you go on there every day and you make a point to do this.
' And I know I didn't get this video out in time because I prayed, and it's probably tomorrow, but I just want to tell you all that we love you.
We pray for you.
Please, if you could—the only thing we'll ever ask you for on this channel—we'll never ask you for anything.
So, do not fall for the scammers.
I get the emails saying, 'Oh, it was you, Brandon.
You asked me for crypto and I gave it to the wallet.
' And I'm like, 'No, brother.
That was not me.
' I did not ask you for anything.
Never will we ever ask you for anything.
Never.
So, do not fall for this.
I don't know how many times I've said that.
Seriously, it's terrible.
It's terrible.
But I've said this a lot.
It is not us.
Please, we're not going to tell you to invest in any crypto.
I gave you my opinion about crypto, and I'm entitled to my opinion.
I'm entitled to tell you, 'This is what I feel the Lord has told me.
' It's not financial advice; I'm not telling you to do it.
I said you pray about it.
Now, if you have somebody tell you, 'Well, I feel like you should do this and invest in this,' that's not me.
I'm not telling you to do that.
Never will I ever tell you to invest in anything.
I am not a financial advisor.
I can miss it; I'm human.
You hear the Lord, but I'm excited when I tell you, 'Hey, this is what I feel like the Lord's told me about certain things.
' You pray about it.
What do you feel?
I'm excited to say, 'Hey, did that witness with you?
Does that witness with you?
' You may say, 'Man, I feel like you're eating some bad Kool-Aid or drinking some bad Kool-Aid, whatever.
' I don't know.
But who knows with people?
We're all a work in progress.
So, subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
Please click the notification bell, click the thumbs-up button, and comment something nice down below.
Do not be a troll.
Especially lately, it's been incredible.
But I know when the furnace is getting hot because the devil starts to squirm and we go, 'Oh, well, we're doing something because we're poking it a little bit because obviously we're ticking some devils off.
' So I say, 'Glory to God.
' Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you, and we will see you again tomorrow.
God bless you all.